# Youtube Comment Collector
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARHlPxVeTGg&ab_channel=Ahmet>
#### Description: Sometimes youtubers need their video comments to varios reasons like giveaway, followers idea about video and many much reason. So i decided to make an app for that, in this app you can chose many options about comments that you want for example it have to have at least 100 likes or its have to include some specific text like 'Hello' and some other options. I have used PyQt5 to create a vissual application and selenium for getting comments from given youtube link. I have some error handleres like if you give some link other youtube it will reject it or some comments are unable save because of texting program will say how many of comments are not saved during errors. Also you can select how will it save the comment like just save comment or save comment and username and likes of comment. And lastly you can select save as screenshots which will save all coments as screenshot. Well your bot says to short for this description so i want to talk about some problems that i encountered and i how solve them. When i was trying to get comment from the youtube video for load comments i need to scrool down page but there is nothing in selenium for that so i ask ChatGPT new raising Chat Ai to help and it show me some code for do that with using selenium.execute_sciript() method and now i can scroll down page well your bot still says it's not enogh so i want to talk about idea of bringing comments from youtube i hope its usefull i am not really good about ingenuity but this is not so bad, i think... i saw a lot of youtuber needs to interact with comments and i hope this will them.